README.md, before:

# [<img src="ao-logo.png" alt="AO Logo" width="35" height="40">](https://github.com/ao-apps) [SemanticCMS](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms) / [Core](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms-core) / [Controller](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms-core-controller)

[![project: alpha](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/project-alpha.svg)](https://aoindustries.com/life-cycle#project-alpha)
[![management: preview](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/management-preview.svg)](https://aoindustries.com/life-cycle#management-preview)
[![packaging: developmental](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/packaging-developmental.svg)](https://aoindustries.com/life-cycle#packaging-developmental)  
[![java: &gt;= 17](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/java-17.svg)](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/)
[![jakarta ee: &gt;= 10](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/jakartaee-10.svg)](https://jakarta.ee/release/10/)
[![semantic versioning: 2.0.0](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/semver-2.0.0.svg)](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)
[![license: LGPL v3](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/license-lgpl-3.0.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0)

[![Build](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms-core-controller/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=alpha)](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms-core-controller/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild)
[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.semanticcms/semanticcms-core-controller/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.semanticcms/semanticcms-core-controller)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?branch=alpha&project=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?branch=alpha&id=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller)
[![Lines of Code](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?branch=alpha&project=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=ncloc)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?branch=alpha&id=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=ncloc)  
[![Reliability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?branch=alpha&project=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?branch=alpha&id=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=Reliability)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?branch=alpha&project=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?branch=alpha&id=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=Security)
[![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?branch=alpha&project=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?branch=alpha&id=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=Maintainability)
[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?branch=alpha&project=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?branch=alpha&id=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=Coverage)

Serves [SemanticCMS](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms) content from a Servlet environment.

## Project Links
* [Project Home](https://semanticcms.com/core/controller/)
* [Changelog](https://semanticcms.com/core/controller/changelog)
* [API Docs](https://semanticcms.com/core/controller/apidocs/)
* [Central Repository](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/com.semanticcms/semanticcms-core-controller)
* [GitHub](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms-core-controller)

## Contact Us
For questions or support, please [contact us](https://aoindustries.com/contact):

Email: [support@aoindustries.com](mailto:support@aoindustries.com)  
Phone: [1-800-519-9541](tel:1-800-519-9541)  
Phone: [+1-251-607-9556](tel:+1-251-607-9556)  
Web: https://aoindustries.com/contact

Commit message:

This branch is end-of-life

README.md, after:

# [<img src="ao-logo.png" alt="AO Logo" width="35" height="40">](https://github.com/ao-apps) [SemanticCMS](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms) / [Core](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms-core) / [Controller](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms-core-controller)

[![project: alpha](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/project-alpha.svg)](https://aoindustries.com/life-cycle#project-alpha)
[![management: preview](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/management-preview.svg)](https://aoindustries.com/life-cycle#management-preview)
[![packaging: developmental](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/packaging-developmental.svg)](https://aoindustries.com/life-cycle#packaging-developmental)  
[![java: &gt;= 17](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/java-17.svg)](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/)
[![jakarta ee: &gt;= 10](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/jakartaee-10.svg)](https://jakarta.ee/release/10/)
[![semantic versioning: 2.0.0](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/semver-2.0.0.svg)](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)
[![license: LGPL v3](https://semanticcms.com/ao-badges/license-lgpl-3.0.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0)

[![Build](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms-core-controller/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=alpha)](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms-core-controller/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild)
[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.semanticcms/semanticcms-core-controller/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.semanticcms/semanticcms-core-controller)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?branch=alpha&project=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?branch=alpha&id=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller)
[![Lines of Code](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?branch=alpha&project=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=ncloc)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?branch=alpha&id=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=ncloc)  
[![Reliability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?branch=alpha&project=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?branch=alpha&id=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=Reliability)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?branch=alpha&project=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?branch=alpha&id=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=Security)
[![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?branch=alpha&project=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?branch=alpha&id=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=Maintainability)
[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?branch=alpha&project=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?branch=alpha&id=com.semanticcms%3Asemanticcms-core-controller&metric=Coverage)

Serves [SemanticCMS](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms) content from a Servlet environment.

## End of Life
This alpha branch never reached a production state.  This development path was leading to a solution with a level
of complexity that exceeds the complexity of the problems being solved.  We have designed a simpler alternative that
better builds on the existing Jakarta EE platform.  We will keep these alpha branches for reference, but will no
longer be updating or building these branches.

## Project Links
* [Project Home](https://semanticcms.com/core/controller/)
* [Changelog](https://semanticcms.com/core/controller/changelog)
* [API Docs](https://semanticcms.com/core/controller/apidocs/)
* [Central Repository](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/com.semanticcms/semanticcms-core-controller)
* [GitHub](https://github.com/ao-apps/semanticcms-core-controller)

## Contact Us
For questions or support, please [contact us](https://aoindustries.com/contact):

Email: [support@aoindustries.com](mailto:support@aoindustries.com)  
Phone: [1-800-519-9541](tel:1-800-519-9541)  
Phone: [+1-251-607-9556](tel:+1-251-607-9556)  
Web: https://aoindustries.com/contact
